Started a significant documentation overhaul (#263)
llm-d/llm-d-benchmark: docs/run.md

## Concept

> Use an specific harness to generate load against a stack service a large language model according to a specific workload profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a specific harness to generate workloads against a stack serving a large language model, according to a specific workload profile.
```

| LLMDBENCH_HARNESS_PVC_NAME                     |                                                | Can be overriden with CLI parameter `-k/--pvc`      |
| LLMDBENCH_HARNESS_PVC_SIZE                     |                                                |                                                     |
| LLMDBENCH_HARNESS_CONTAINER_IMAGE              |                                                |                                                     |
| LLMDBENCH_HARNESS_SKIP_RUN                     |                                                |                                                     |

> [!TIP]
> In case the full path is ommited for the (workload) profile (either by setting `LLMDBENCH_HARNESS_EXPERIMENT_PROFILE` or CLI parameter `-w/--workload`, it is assumed that the file exists inside the `workload/profiles/<harness name>` folder

## Harnesses

### [inference-perf](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/inference-perf)

### [guidellm](https://github.com/vllm-project/guidellm.git)

### [fmperf](https://github.com/fmperf-project/fmperf)

### Nop (No Op)

> The `nop` harness, combined with env. variables and when using in `standalone` mode, will parse the vLLM log and create reports with
> loading time statistics.
> 
> The additional env. variables to set are:
> 
> | Environment Variable                         | Example Values  |
> | -------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
> | LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOAD_FORMAT   | `safetensors, tensorizer, runai_streamer, fastsafetensors` |
> | LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL | `DEBUG, INFO, WARNING` etc |
> | LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_PREPROCESS         | `source /setup/preprocess/standalone-preprocess.sh ; /setup/preprocess/standalone-preprocess.py` |
> 
> The env. `LMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL` must be set to `DEBUG` so that the `nop` categories report finds all categories.
> 
> The env. `LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_PREPROCESS` must be set to the above value for the `nop` harness in order to install load format
> dependencies, export additional env. variables and pre-serialize models when using the `tensorizer` load format.
> The preprocess scripts will run in the vLLM standalone pod before the vLLM server starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nop` harness, combined with environment variables and when using in `standalone` mode, will parse the vLLM log and create reports with
loading time statistics.

The additional environment variables to set are:

| Environment Variable                         | Example Values  |
| -------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOAD_FORMAT   | `safetensors, tensorizer, runai_streamer, fastsafetensors` |
| LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL | `DEBUG, INFO, WARNING` etc |
| LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_PREPROCESS         | `source /setup/preprocess/standalone-preprocess.sh ; /setup/preprocess/standalone-preprocess.py` |

The variable `LMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_VLLM_LOGGING_LEVEL` must be set to `DEBUG` so that the `nop` categories report finds all categories.

The env. `LLMDBENCH_VLLM_STANDALONE_PREPROCESS` must be set to the above value for the `nop` harness in order to install load format
dependencies, export additional environment variables and pre-serialize models when using the `tensorizer` load format.
The preprocess scripts will run in the vLLM standalone pod before the vLLM server starts.
```

Author: Yes
